Up to this point, we've seen lots of ways to create objects.
We've written object literals,
we've created functions that return objects,
we've also built constructor functions to instantiate a new object.
In this lesson, we'll take a closer look at
a few design patterns that we can not only use to create a new object,
but also extend an object,
all without involving its prototype.
We'll first look at mixins, what they are,
and how they can be used to copy properties from one object to another object.
Then, we'll create objects with private properties using two different design patterns,
the module pattern and the superior revealing module pattern. Let's get started.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6